Date - 28th september 2018
Place - IIPM building, ground floor, Infosys BLR
Time - 4:57 PM 

Just now created this repository to hold all the desired thoughts which i have been cramming up inside my brain, 
inside tiny words, pictures, document files, pages strewn here and there, thousands of other detrimental moments.

There have been serious changes and events which have passed by me, and somehow i have come out through all of them unscathed, and reborn.
Another similar journey is going on right now, where i am trying to get over the same set of addictions 
i had an year ago, but with a completely different perspective.

This time, i have the lord with me, and i surrender unto him fully. I want to say that i have still not been able 
to completely get over the habits of smoking, and that is the only thing which seems like the hurdle i have to get over. 
But this train of thought is just the train which i am not consciously taking.

things keep happening at the rates, which are too much to put in words. but still one can only try and that does not hurt.

All of a sudden i cannot stop myself from getting off this office chair, and move out drink some tea and smoke a ciggarette. 
I need to get out of the thought train, and simply be where i am, without the need of consuming anything else, 
which is supposed to make me feel better.

damn. i find that strangely i am kind of better and yet kind of at the same place, all over the same. 
These words i see on the screen, simply reminds me of the energy that i am creating from my own thoughts and 
imagination and being able to see what i am creating , i can only remember that this is not me, but the power of the lord, 
which enables us to see and imagine and understand.

We only think, we see, but in reality if you can understand, its all just simply illusion,
made to work for us in such a way that we keep thinking this is real. We work and run and live and do everything only
in the context of this itself, and right now i might simply be trying to put all that i have in my mind. 

confucious, wow, a man who is here looking for answers, and his name is something which reminds people about how confused he really was.

Listening to this art of kirtan video online on youtube, while working and after the work was done, 
simply reading the past memoir document which i had written earlier. Memoir as i call it, 
and there i find that i have only been like this since the earliest.

be back.



Date - 4th December 2018
Place - IIPM building, Ground floor(infosys)
Time - 7:03 pm

Last time i made an entry, it was into the raspberry pi which i have kept at home, and that still contains a text file
which has it all. turns out that i havent been able to compile them all together yet and i understand that with time, i will also 
learn this skill. the only condition being that this is to be considered a skill afterall.

something suddenly changed in me since two days back, since it was the day when i broke again and i couldnt control myself. I took the
support of the condemned thing again, and this time, it was my mother who took a step and that step alone made me realize where i was
wrong. I swore an oath that day afterwards on my own life that i will never do it again, and the next one i know is the one which i will 
be taking in some more days to stop this smoking part for ever.

Seems like its not yet time for me to leave the office space, and the level of work which i have got is something which i have always 
been waiting for, and thus i dont have any such regrets now. I also understand that there needs to be proper balance of work and life
and that is something which nobody will ever teach me, except my dear lord in the form of time. today i have been able to reach some
conclusion related to the work which i have been into since the past 7 days, analysis of single object, and it kinda feels wierd to
talk about work again here, since this place is made for that kind of scene, but i am just here to avoid the exact opposite.

something new happened again today, when since this morning i havent been able to feel satisfied with however much songs i listen to,
and most of all the best part is that i have touched the long lost tamil and other south indian songs which i had stopped listening
after the day i did the biggest blunder or maybe the best thing of my life.

last night while sleeping i could hear myself thinking about the topics about which i would find time to write, and the biggest of
those topics was "sleep". how wierd, and i stil remember a few lines, but i need to find more topics or should it be just 
spontaneous as it is now.

Not to forget, another important topic was "Strangers".. how i have got to find motivation to do the things which i love,
and then again i am the one who limits myself, kind of like how the commit interval limits the total number of rows
or the speed of the data pipelines.

change the mood, play the music. is what the person just sang out and asked the singer to fasten the beat and thus 
this awesome tamil dance number named Makka kalanguthappa , i cant even be able to remember the name when the real time comes
but still i love it.

another great song named sodakku mela - featuring suriya..lol

just cant stop smiling and typing and dancing on the chair.. damn. 

I need to do something else, something that could be just as awesome as this without the feeling that i am disturbing anyone
in this specific scenario, a very hardworking guy named shashi who just sits across me.

I understand that my gestures and mood might be inciting him to dance too, and throw away every piece of document and work
like they do in the movies but its never that easy and that is why its only done in movies. I am just very grateful of the 
awesome work environment which i was able to experience these past years, and dont know for how long i will be able to 
work here without switching jobs.

dance mood just switched off and turned into something smooth, and thus changes the topics of life. so many things are same and similar
while numerous others are so much different and thus they are all just happening at the same time, and its only us who chooses
what to divert our attentions to. I still have no way what i am trying to express, and why and which way this is going, but 
it just feels too natural to stop, like talking to some great friend, who just understands and knows me to the best extent possible.

Now i need to create a plan, or else it cannot be done by god himself, as i understand that the free will simply means the will to
choose and then divert all our attention towards the kind of output we wish to recieve and work in allignment, without getting dizzy
since its always not going to look so bright and what fun would that be. But everytime i talk about fun or happiness, i just realize
there are so many out there just like me, living creatures and best of them human beings like us who havent even got the right
kind of food, clothes or shelter, and who am i to think about fun and happiness in that context. I should just be happy with
whatever i have and i get by the grace of lord krishna, and nothing more.

With time, maybe i will learn more and will be able to draw out a better path for myself, and thus the best i can do is to share
their pain with myself, and the world around me. considering this i just realized that one of the biggest topics that i can write about
now, is plain ahead of me.

1. state of farmers
2. money
3. youth (misdirected and lost) like me
4. work and education

I still dont know where to start, and the biggest part which hits me like rock bottom is that i cant just understand where to start,
and i know from my experience that if i do start i can just finish it without any hassle, it might take some time but it will still be
worth it.



